so a great tool that you should utilize when creating pivot tables out of your data is
Excel tables.
So Excel tables have been added to excel since Excel 2007 and their greatest advantages
that they have structured referencing.
So this means that as you add more rows or columns to your table,
your table gets expanded automatically.
A new formulas get automatically applied to the new rose without needing to expend them for
the new rose or without needing to drag them down for the new rose.
So let's see how we can insert a stable so we can insert a table by selecting any cell
insight our data set and then going to insert and then table.
You can also,
alternatively,
press control and t on your keyboard,
and this is how you can insert a stable and you should check.
My table has headers here if it's got headers and we do actually have header sport tables
or click OK here.
And as you can see your we've got an Excel table created.
So while selecting any cell in your excel table,
you can select a design top here on the ribbon,
and you could see her that we've got different styles that you can apply to your table so
you can have it have different colors or so.
So I'll just keep this style here.
But you can choose out of these styles and you can also create it new custom style for
yourself.
You can also add a totals row.
So while selecting any cell inside your table,
you go to the design tab on the ribbon and then you check total row.
You can see here that a total world has been added so you can have your on the total row.
You can have different aggregation formulas.
Seacon select average count Max men some.
So all these air different aggregation for minister,
for example.
Some here would give us the total sales amount for all the rose here.
Now,
if you need to expand your data and add more data to your table,
he can just hover with your mouse here to the edge and Zico's year.
You will have your mouse turn into a two sided arrow,
two sided dagon,
an arrow.
So if you click on hold and dragged down with your mouse here,
you can see that you're able to add more rows to your table.
Alternative.
You can also select any row here and right click and then insert to insert Rozier,
and you can repeat the action by pressing F four on your keyboard.
Keep pressing a for and the action will be repeated.
I'll just delete the X arose here because you don't need them.
So select them right click and then delete the rose,
a useful feature for tables as well as to give them a name.
So while selecting any cell inside your table,
you go.
You go to the design tab on the ribbon and you can see her.
There is a field called table name where you can change the name of your table.
So,
for example,
I like to actually name my tables with a prefix,
which is Steve bl and then whatever this stable would be.
So this should be TBL sales,
for example,
as this table is a table of sales,
so I'll name it this way and press enter.
And now,
while selecting any cell inside your table,
you can actually create a pivot table out of it by inserting a pivot table here and ah and
pressing.
Okay,
this will create a pivot table out of your table.
You can also go to the design top,
and you can also export it somewhere so you can export it to a SharePoint list.
For example,
you can also on your table.
You can use the filters feature here to filter your data.
OK,
so tables are a very useful feature.
When dealing with pivot tables,
they will make handling your dates up much easier.